added ui feature flag toggling info (#1012)
chef/automate: dev-docs/ui-development.md

   and session storage and cookies) for `https://a2-dev.test` and re-navigate back to the root of
   <https://a2-dev.test/>.

> 1. Optional step: Type `feat` from any page in the UI to open the feature flag modal and turn on any of the client-side beta features. After toggling a feature flag, a hard-refresh is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional step: Type `feat` from any page in the UI to open the feature flag dialog and turn on any of the client-side beta features. After toggling a feature flag, a browser refresh is required.
```
